well I'm out in an abandoned alleyway
joined right now final frost to discuss
his I don't know the big transition the
big move this first time I've talked to
you since you've joined CLG can you talk
to me a little bit about what that whole
experience was like well when I first
found out that I wasn't gonna be on TSM
anymore I was looking for a new team and
I think the whole process wasn't a very
long it was just like a couple of days
because most of the teams actually had
locked rosters and so Jia was one of the
teams that I really popped out to me and
it seemed like they really liked me too
speaking of finding out about that and
his players Tribune article double-a
said he found out about it from reddit
where did you find out about it Brad
frost well I would be life I said that I
didn't also find out on reddit so so
yeah I was just looking at read it one
day and I was like tsm's looking at this
side spitted nathie and like uh huh and
anything about that and I didn't really
like say anything for a couple days and
then kind of like spoke with Andy and
they weren't really like finalizing it
yet so that's why I like it was just an
option but the read article made it seem
like it was already like a done deal it
wasn't so yeah that's kind of how like I
found out and then kind of led on to
like what situation in another and then
they actually decided to get them and
for me that meant time to go on to a new
team so you ended up on CLG I know you
mentioned that there weren't too many
teams that were looking for support at
the time that you ended up talking to
them but you know why CLG compared to
any of the other options that were
available for you well at least you're
still G they've actually had
international success in 2016 that MSI
and for the past three splits they
haven't been like winning TSM has been
winning the past three splits and they
kind of like haven't really reached it
or like past level and however their
roster looks really good
it's definitely one of the like the
stronger rosters and I think with
reignover who I think is really
outstanding player if he gets back to
his like really strong for him I think
we could be really good and you'll be
laning with stick saying this time
instead of doublelift
what I mean I'm sure you guys have
already done some scram so you've had a
chance to play with him for a little bit
what's it like so far or playing with
sticks eh as a change of pace mm six is
really good mechanically as well I think
in Lane we're actually pretty good in
general I think over the past couple of
swigs I've been improving a lot like in
terms of my laning phase and what I
guess we like right now is more of a yes
kind of like the intricacies here and
there where you can improve on a lot of
small things that you don't really
necessary see as a spectator but it's
really important in like pro play and I
think it's been going pretty well so far
and I'm just really excited for I guess
next couple months to see like where we
can get and at least for like when you
move on to a new duo
a lot Peter but I'm is exciting in the
way that you get to try a lot of new
things you gotta get to experiment for
yourself and you get more range and that
whole concept to me is I guess it gives
me a lot of motivation what do you think
it's gonna be like the day that CLG
plays team liquid and you have to face
off against Peter in Lane do you think
you know all of his weaknesses and flaws
and you can exploit them last time I
played against him I was putting with
turtle and then I remember the interview
is like La Crosse never hits any school
shots I felt really bad when I saw that
interview luckily there's not that many
skill shots right now of all the melee
supports being played so I could just
point and click
I liked that your response to this is
like yeah he said that I'm really bad at
skill shots but thankfully I don't have
to even use them anymore so it's gonna
be great it's great I can just you know
press some targeted abilities and
Peter's gonna be like huh I got hit by
that but of course you're gonna get hit
by that because I just press the button
and roasted Peter
so I think that whole thing is gonna be
really exciting I think a lot of teams I
just have like some little bit of
history and when I play against TSM and
playing against turtle my old laning
partner I get people people don't really
remember that though because it's pretty
short playing is a lot of teams there
would be something there OC unite as
well against Miss Karen yeah it'll be
interesting the storylines sort of
seeing how they converge down speaking
again of your former teammates
admittedly he was trash-talking having
fun but bjergsen did say something in
response to in an interview that I did
with them in response to something that
deep inhale on your end right now in
response to so yeah Nick Allen said
you're a little cold okay maybe this
statement is is freezing you to the bone
Nick Allen said something where he was
trash-talking TSM in response
bjergsen said in my interview well
they've got a player we didn't even want
so I don't know how they're gonna win so
would you have anything that you would
sort of say in response to Bjork's and
strong words and just kind of the
general sense from TSM you know they
just think they're gonna kind of
dominate this year I can't disagree with
his statement where yeah he didn't want
me or rather them as a team they don't
want me anymore and that's their
decision I think on my part it's just we
have to play really well to show that's
like I don't have any personal vendetta
against TSM I'm always grateful for the
opportunity that they gave me what Alex
for me winning is super important and I
think we're most people it's really
important so winning a lot with CLG and
be able to prove that we're really good
as a squad that means a lot and TSM is
the team to be because philosophy sweats
they've been winning so they're the top
of the hill right now and it'd be good
to like roll them older boom is that the
trash talk that I'm gonna get from you
in this interview that's probably as
much a shock you ever yeah for me it
would be good to roll them over no
that's that's fierce fighting words from
bio frost
you seem like you're very very cold
which is odd because it's probably 68
degrees here and you're from Vancouver
where it's probably you know zero
degrees right now so we'll wrap up the
interview but is there anything that you
want to say to any of the fans out there
uh thank you for the TSM fans that
followed me to CLG and for the new CLG
fans I just have to play well and show
you guys that we have what it takes to
get to the top oh yeah we have a new
jersey by the way so shout out to that
and yeah it's comfy it's comfy I've
heard those little words before by the
way final question I at TSM you had a
bit of a nickname a moniker by Oh daddy
I am very curious if you plan on
bringing that to CLG well that is that a
TSM identity that is exclusive letter
will you be continuing on with that
moniker at CLG DVRs I don't think I have
a say in it like if I said I don't want
it people are still gonna call me by
that if I said I want it I mean it's
still gonna be there so regardless is
just there courtesy of Peter so yeah I
mean call me whatever you want call him
whatever you want thank you so much
Bifrost for the interview forever and
also you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel
hey everyone at the end of Yahoo eSports
avila May made a commitment to me to
keep helping me out on this YouTube
channel and then she bailed as soon as
she could to Riot Games to get the big
bucks so if you could help me out that
would be great
over at Travis Gavin calm a slash
support